some of the ways that I deal with stress on the job. Um one, um I like
to have conversations. So when I'm stressed, uh, maybe with a sailor
or with my triad, I have a conversation. First, I have to have the
conversation, ask the questions. Why, um, why are we doing things this
way? Um, how can we do things better? And then I go to my office
and I sit by myself and I reflect. And once I reflect and I journal,
take my notes. Then I I de stress myself personally by going to the
gym, Uh, maybe speaking to someone outside of my command. Ah, counselor.
Ah, close friend. Someone who doesn't have any, uh, connection
with what I'm doing. And that helps me de stress from majority of
the situations that I go through here at work